Sales metrics borrow some terminology from marketing metrics.
Sales can not only focus on the end customer such as the consumer,
but also a company who will likely generate customers.
In the case of We Card from marketing,
we have thus far focused on the end consumer,
and their order as our marketing focus,
or unit of analysis.
This type of model is called a business to consumer model or B2C.
Let's say that we add an additional focus on
generating sales by reaching out to grocery stores.
This is where We Card partners with the local grocery stores.
We can now gain access to
their customers and the local grocery stores can access a delivery service.
This type of business model is called a business to business model or B2B.
So, part of our sales team can focus on the B2B model,
where each sales rep is trying to create a sales lead.
A sales lead would be a grocery store interested in partnering with We Card.
If a grocery stores signs a deal,
then it becomes a booking or a closed deal.
We will talk about a sales funnel, next.